.\"  English manual page for  nanovna-saver
.\"
.\"  Copyright (C) 2023-2023 Nicolas Boulenguez <nicolas@debian.org>
.\"
.\"  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or
.\"  modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\"  published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
.\"  License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\"  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
.\"  General Public License for more details.
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH NANOVNASAVER 1 "2023-03-19"
.\"----------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH NAME
NANOVNASAVER \- save Touchstone files from the NanoVNA device
.\"----------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B NanoVNASaver
.RB [\| \-h \|]
.RB [\| \-d \|]
.RB [\| \-D
.IR DEBUG_FILE \|]
.RB [\| \-f
.IR FILE \|]
.RB [\| \-r
.IR REF_FILE \|]
.RB [\| \-\-version \|]
.\"----------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH DESCRCIPTION
The NanoVNASaver graphical tool saves Touchstone files from the
NanoVNA, sweeps frequency spans in segments to gain more data points,
and generally displays and analyzes the resulting data.
.PP
The authors expect most users to use a graphical launcher instead of
the command line interface.
.\"----------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show a summary of options and exit.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Set loglevel to debug.
.TP
\fB\-D \fIDEBUG_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-debug\-file \fIDEBUG_FILE\fR
File to write debug logging output to.
.TP
\fB\-f \fIFILE\fR, \fB\-\-file \fIFILE\fR
Touchstone file to load as sweep for off device usage.
.TP
\fB\-r \fIREF_FILE\fR, \fB\-\-ref\-file \fIREF_FILE\fR
Touchstone file to load as reference for off device usage.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Show program's version number and exit.
.\"----------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH SEE ALSO
The documentation is installed at
.BR /usr/share/doc/nanovna-saver/ .
.\"----------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH HISTORY
This page has been written for Debian but may be reused by others.
